# Default messages

# --- Constraints
constraint.required=Required
constraint.min=Minimum value: {0}
constraint.max=Maximum value: {0}
constraint.minLength=Minimum length: {0}
constraint.maxLength=Maximum length: {0}
constraint.email=Email

# --- Formats
format.date=Date (''{0}'')
format.numeric=Numeric

# --- Errors
error.invalid=Invalid value
error.required=This field is required
error.number=Numeric value expected
error.min=Must be greater or equal to {0}
error.max=Must be less or equal to {0}
error.minLength=Minimum length is {0}
error.maxLength=Maximum length is {0}
error.email=Valid email required
error.pattern=Must satisfy {0}

error.isBoolean=Value must be "true" or "false"
error.isByte=Value must be an integer
error.isCharacter=Value must be a letter
error.isShort=Value must be an integer
error.isInteger=Value must be an integer
error.isLong=Value must be an integer
error.isFloat=Value must be a number
error.isDouble=Value must be a number
error.isString=Value must be a string of letters
error.isValidEnum=Value must be a valid value from the selection
